So pop over to error boundary .js and
renamed this to error boundary .tsx.
And you can see here we
actually only have errors here,
everything else is looking good.
And so luckily this is an error,
as you might guess, is an error.
That's kinda nice, right?
Kinda descriptive?
All right, can you guess what info is?
It is ErrorInfo,
This one we actually do have to import
from react, so little cheat here.
You can see error info, it comes from
react, if you just click on that.
It'll actually just
automatically import it for you.
That's it, congratulations,
you just did error boundary.
So, I mean, again, that's what I was
saying about whack a mole with TypeScript
errors and things like that is,
frequently it's really simple.
Some of these files, you might not
even have to make any changes.
You just change the file extension,
it's gonna be like, cool.
I got everything let's keep going.
So it's good to always check.
So let's go do carousel.
There's obviously gonna be a little
bit more, or maybe not obviously, but
there is more to do here.
So we're gonna rename
this to carousel.tsx.
Up here at the top from
react we're going to import,
MouseEvent and ReactNode, Okay?
Here above Carousel we're
gonna do an interface.
And again,
you can call this I props or props.
I frequently still call it I props because
the the TS lint rules that I used to use
before the TypeScript es lint came along
required that you called interfaces I
props I don't know if it's useful or
not, I mean,
the thing to always keep in mind is if
you see an I there, I think this is like
a .net thing, if I remember correctly,
which makes sense TypeScript came from.
Anders Helzberg, which wrote both
Typescript and C sharp and so
that community has a high amount
of overlap, anyway up to you.
It's up to you if you want to use
that Iprops which is called props.
Images is a string array, that's the kind
of props we're expecting here and
here under component,
we're gonna call this Iprops, okay?
So now we know that carousel
is a component that
expects a string array called Images,
okay?
Active is already good here,
we already know this is gonna
be a number that's great.
Let's go down to handle index click.
So our event here is going
to be a mouse event.
And the target of that is
going to be an HTML element.
Okay?
So now that we know that that's an event,
this is a specifically
a mouse event from react.
You could have just said this was
our mouse event from the DOM and
their shapes are the same.
But it's good to be specific if
you know the difference, okay?
Here it's gonna say like well, I don't
know if we're gonna get this cuz this
could be no and that would make
this something other than a number.
So, we need you to be a bit
more specific about this.
So, we have to be a bit more defensive and
say if event.target is not
an instance of HTML element
Then return, okay?
Then we have to ask, okay,
now we definitely know event.target
is a HTML element, cool.
And then we have to ask again
event.target.dataset.index.
And then set this to be that.
Now, again, this will annoy some people,
this was working before.
Why do I have to be so
defensive about this and
it's just to appease the TypeScript Gods
cuz now you're guaranteed?
But if you get down to here,
this is definitely there, so
therefore we can do that and
everything will be fine.
But another fun thing here,
I think if you delete this, save it
It makes a string, interesting,
and it's fine with that.
Now it's a number, I thought it
would have been upset by that.
Yeah, no okay, sure.
So, Yeah,
again you can specify an I state
here if you wanted to, and
say that active is a number, but
implicitly it gets that from here.
Cool.
I think I had here in my notes,
you can see that this is a void
return type here if you want to
cuz it's not returning anything.
Again, in older versions of this course,
we used the TS Lint rules which required
you to specify the return type of
everything, which was annoying as hell.
Luckily the new versions of this don't,
so we don't have to do that anymore.
In fact, I think I have reenact node here.
We used to have to specify here that
this was a returning a react node,
in which it is, right?
But these new Type Script rules I
think are better because it allows
you that implicit return,
we know that's returning a react node.
That's not useful to anybody to say
that that's returning a react node, so
you can get rid of that.
It also used to require you to
put public on all of these cuz
they're technically public methods.
Again, it's obvious that they are?
I didn't like putting it in there,
but it used to require that.
So, don't have to put that anymore either.
Okay, so I think carousel is done now.
No errors, everything looks happy.
Any questions about carousel?
>> Earlier you had mentioned
something about default props and
using an interface and
how if we have a default props assigned,
we didn't have to use interface,
could you just explain what is
happening herein that regard?
>> Sure, yeah, I think you probably
couldn't just leave this off.
Is that true or, It doesn't.
I think there is a way to get
that to work together and
I don't remember how I did it.
Yeah, cuz this should be images
which is a string array.
Yeah I'd have to dig into it,
I can't remember off top my head.
But that is one thing
that you can get working.
And obviously it's enough here for state.
Yeah, it might be having issues
with the class properties.
I think maybe if you do carousel.default
props equals blah and move this down here.
Nope, still upset by that.
Okay, yeah,
I don't know I'd have to go look.
It's okay, the way you are represented
here makes more sense to me,
I feel it's more readable anyways so,
>> I mean, if it's more
readable absolutely do it that way too,
yeah, cool.
Good question though.
Cool so
you can see TypeScript dash three now.
If you wanna get up to the point on
the migration that we're in at the moment,
get rid of that too.
Okay, I think now if we
went back to details,
Sometimes it won't update quickly.
It's still upset by Carousel,
I wonder why that is.
Anyway, it'll eventually sort itself out,
I find that frequently,
I can delete pet out of there and
details as well.
It's that they work really hard on
the backend of the TypeScript server
that's running in JavaScript to make
sure that it doesn't slow down VS code.
So it doesn't always run your
code when you expect it to.
So sometimes it'll show you errors
when you don't have errors.
So, I advise you to have a healthy
amount of distress is like, hey,
there's an error here,
maybe it just hasn't run yet.
I mean,
if you can always do a reload window,
that's always gonna fully run it again.
And now we're not seeing any errors.
So, Where is it?
There is an error in this?
>> I think it's
this.props.params id line 24.
>> Line 24, oh.params.id,
cuz we didn't make that defensive, right?
So sometimes the, that's a good point.
So if, This.props.params.id, then return.
And that'll fix that.
Right, cuz the problem here
is we made id optional.
So we have to be defensive like, hey, if
you didn't get ID here, then don't try and
request something from the API.
Cool, and now details is fully good to go.